docs/index.md, before:

# Xol Toolhead

The Xol Toolhead is a soft reboot of the [Mantis Xol 2 toolhead](https://github.com/Armchair-Engineering/Mantis-Xol).

The Xol Toolhead was designed with modularity, low barrier of entry, ease of maintenance and quality of life in mind. Several quality-of-life improvements have been implemented over the original Mantis Xol 2 toolhead, making this toolhead truly a worthy successor to the original.

![Xol Toolhead assembly](assets/images/full_assembly.png)

---

 We have left the Mantis carriage behind, and thus are now just Xol-sans-Mantis.  
 *Don't worry, it's still ugly, we couldn't fix that.*

## Join us

Join us on discord, where an avid and enthusiastic community gathers for *true atrocity* [^1](#Atrocity)

[![Join me on Discord](https://discord.com/api/guilds/1029426383614648421/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/armchairengineeringsux)

### Atrocity

"Atrocity" is a local meme.

!["commit atrocity every day" quoted from Discord](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1034245907622924348/1062902237329895444/image.png)

Commit message:

Metadata improvements to Index, also adds Annex license disclaimer

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Introduction to the Xol toolhead system
---

# Introduction

The Xol Toolhead is a soft reboot of the [Mantis Xol 2 toolhead](https://github.com/Armchair-Engineering/Mantis-Xol).

The Xol Toolhead was designed with modularity, low barrier of entry, ease of maintenance and quality of life in mind. Several quality-of-life improvements have been implemented over the original Mantis Xol 2 toolhead, making this toolhead truly a worthy successor to the original.

![Xol Toolhead assembly](assets/images/full_assembly.png)

---

 We have left the Mantis carriage behind, and thus are now just Xol-sans-Mantis.  
 *Don't worry, it's still ugly, we couldn't fix that.*

## Licensing

A disclaimer regarding the printed parts and models that provide support for the [Annex Engineering Double Folded Ascender](https://github.com/Annex-Engineering/Folded_Ascender-Extruder) extruder.

The custom parts that enable support for the [Annex Engineering Double Folded Ascender](https://github.com/Annex-Engineering/Folded_Ascender-Extruder) are derived from designs by Annex Engineering, and are therefor bound to adhering by their license. These parts are accordingly licensed under the same license as the Annex Engineering design and parts.

This license agreement can be read through in the [Annex Engineering License Agreement](https://github.com/Annex-Engineering/ANNEX-Engineering-License-Agreement)

## Join us

Join us on discord, where an avid and enthusiastic community gathers for *true atrocity* [^1](#Atrocity)

[![Join me on Discord](https://discord.com/api/guilds/1029426383614648421/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/armchairengineeringsux)

## Atrocity

"Atrocity" is a local meme.

!["commit atrocity every day" quoted from Discord](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1034245907622924348/1062902237329895444/image.png)
